Next we're going to work on his goggles and his hair.
So first what we want to do is we want to come to the top layer in our goggles folder.
We're going to add a new layer on top of that.
Once you've done that we're going to use our circular marquee tool to create a perfect circle that's
going to be a little bit smaller than our goggle shape.
Next we're going to fill that in with a dark brown.
So we're going to select our goggles color then we're going to bring that color down to the darker side.
OK.
Now it's filled out shapen awesome.
Next what we want to do is we want to add a new layer on top of this.
Now with this layer we're going to use the same selection.
We're just going to fill it in with a different color.
So using our color picker we're going to revert back to our goggles color and we're going to bring that
up.
So it's a lighter somewhere about their looks good.
And we're going to bring the color down more towards the red side.
OK.
Now let's fill that shapen.
Next we unselect out of that selection then we're going to turn this layer into a clipping mask.
And using the Graben move tool we're going to nudge it over with the arrow keys on our keyboard
out there tonight you can see it's created the illusion that there is a lens in his goggles and it's
set back next what we're going to do is we're going to select this lens shape by holding down control
on a Windows or a command on a Mac and hitting the thumbnail on the layer.
Now we're going to come back to our color and we're going to take the same color but we're going to
make it a lot lighter.
OK.
He's in our brush tool and bringing down the size.
We're going to just make a few streaks through there.
These will act as reflections in his goggles I think are going to make the second streak a lot smaller
and thinner like that.
Awesome.
Now just for texture.
I'm going to add a few little spots in there.
Cool.
Now we can unselect out of that and we're going to merge those two layers together.
So select both and merge.
So now that's one layer.
Next what we're going to do is we're going to use the marquee tool to select that we're going to copy
and paste it and bring it over to the other side of our goggle using the Transform Tool.
In shape that to fit into our second goggle
great.
Now the last thing we want to do on our goggles is add an under shadow to it to give it some form.
Let's select this dark brown that we use for the shadow on the inside of the goggle.
Then we're going to come down to our layers and let's create a new layer.
That's a clipping mask.
So make sure you create it underneath another clipping mask so it will automatically create a clipping
mask.
Then we're going to drag that up to the top of our clipping masks and using the brush tool.
Let's zoom in there using the brush tool.
We're going to just paint in this bottom edge.
So as you can see now it gives a bottom edge to that strap so it's not just a flat strap.
Next we're going to add some form to the goggle piece
and we'll do the same thing to the other side.
Now this piece that's connecting the two goggles is going to have a little bit of form too.
And we want to show that and it's under shadow
great.
Let's just add one more under shadow underneath this strap.
Cool.
So our goggles are looking pretty damn good.
Now let's move on to the hair.
I like the hair right now.
There's just one thing I want to do to it.
I want to add a darker color on this edge.
So what I'll do is coming down to the hair layer I'm going to create a new clipping mask and I'm going
to drag that above our original clipping mask that I'm going to select this orange right here that he
has in his hair and using my brush tool.
I'm just going to paint a streak on this edge of his hair.
So maybe I want that a little thicker
awesome.
Let's also not forget to label our layers.
So really quick.
We're just going to go ahead and label these.
I'm going to merge these two lenses together just to clean things up a bit.
Now those are one we'll call those lenses.
Call that chateau MacColl this color
then come down to the hair.
And we'll call this chateau
and we'll call this color
great.
Now we can close both these folders down.